Small update regarding shadcn for readme (#1401)
music-assistant/frontend: README.md

yarn lint
```

## UI Framework

> This project has migrated from **Vuetify** to **[shadcn-vue](https://www.shadcn-vue.com/)** as its primary UI component library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is migrating from **Vuetify** to **[shadcn-vue](https://www.shadcn-vue.com/)** as its primary UI component library.
```
